docs/Developement-Setup/Introduction.md, before:

# Developement Setup

Welcome to the Development Setup Section!

## Introduction

This wiki is dedicated to documenting my development setup configuration. Here, you will find a detailed journal of my daily progress and the steps I undertake during my setup process. Whether you are a fellow developer or simply curious about development environments, this wiki aims to provide insights, tips, and solutions to various challenges encountered during the setup process.

## Owned-Devices

These are the devices which i own and have complete control over

### Laptops

####  Dell Latitude E6420 (2016-2023)

The Dell Latitude E6420 was a refurbished laptop that served me well since 2018. Unfortunately, on May 1st, 2023, it encountered a critical issue during my git setup and failed the power on self test (POST). With a heavy heart, I bid farewell to my trusty companion.

### Android

#### OnePlus 8T (2023-Present)

The OnePlus 8T is a device I was gifted by a senior to explore Android development, root the device, and gain hands-on experience. This device has become my ally after my Samsung F62 was stolen. I am excited to delve into the world of Android development using this powerful smartphone. Links to this section is as follows.

##### [Production](/Developement-Setup/Android/One-Plus/Kebab/production)

This is the setup i use in my day to day life, it is documented in a most up to date manner.

##### Testing 

This is the section where i list all of my experiments that i have came across.

1. [cr-droid]()
2. [evolution-x]()
3. [fresh-device]()
4. [kali-nethunter]()
5. [lineage-os]()
6. [nameless-aosp]()

## Guest Devices 

In case of a complete tech failure on my end, I have a guest device that I can rely on to continue my work. This device has its dedicated section in my development setup. However, it is essential to note that this device must be returned to its owner in its original state. Therefore, all configuration changes made should be reverted back to their initial settings.

### Laptops

I borrowed the following laptops at their respective time frames. I have segmented the guest laptops according to what year i borrowed the guest device in.

#### 2023

1. HP Pavilion convertable 360 : This was the laptop i borrowed when my dell latitude motherboard got fried and i was in between of a decision to buy a new one or to fix this itself. This decision making took so long that i ended up getting into college, LOL.

Commit message:

Updated MKDOCS, Added new notes.
Updated the whole knowledge base after a major mkdocs error which lead
to build failing, fixed in this release and included some new notes
along with some note structure getting a fresh new updated content.

docs/Developement-Setup/Introduction.md, after:

# Developement Setup

Welcome to the Development Setup Section!

## Introduction

This wiki is dedicated to documenting my development setup configuration. Here, you will find a detailed journal of my daily progress and the steps I undertake during my setup process. Whether you are a fellow developer or simply curious about development environments, this wiki aims to provide insights, tips, and solutions to various challenges encountered during the setup process.

## Naming Scheme

In July-2023 we have come up with a naming convention for all our future devices. Devices like Dell-Latitude, Androids before this date doesn't follow these naming conventions.  They will be incorporated on an continous integration and migration workflow.

### What? 

> What exactly are rules for naming?

We are using musical instruments to name our devices. Like Vina, Sitar etc. Prefering Sanskrit language wherever possible.


### Where?

You can find respective mocs for those below. 

1. [Team Devices Naming](./Team-Devices/Introduction.md)


## Owned-Devices

These are the devices which i own and have complete control over

### Laptops

####  Dell Latitude E6420 (2016-2023)

The Dell Latitude E6420 was a refurbished laptop that served me well since 2018. Unfortunately, on May 1st, 2023, it encountered a critical issue during my git setup and failed the power on self test (POST). With a heavy heart, I bid farewell to my trusty companion.

### Android

#### OnePlus 8T (2023-Present)

The OnePlus 8T is a device I was gifted by a senior to explore Android development, root the device, and gain hands-on experience. This device has become my ally after my Samsung F62 was stolen. I am excited to delve into the world of Android development using this powerful smartphone. Links to this section is as follows.

##### [Production](../Developement-Setup/Owned-Devices/Android/One-Plus/Kebab/Production/2023/August/production.md)

This is the setup i use in my day to day life, it is documented in a most up to date manner.

##### Testing 

This is the section where i list all of my experiments that i have came across.

1. [cr-droid]()
2. [evolution-x]()
3. [fresh-device]()
4. [kali-nethunter]()
5. [lineage-os]()
6. [nameless-aosp]()

## Guest Devices 

In case of a complete tech failure on my end, I have a guest device that I can rely on to continue my work. This device has its dedicated section in my development setup. However, it is essential to note that this device must be returned to its owner in its original state. Therefore, all configuration changes made should be reverted back to their initial settings.

### Laptops

I borrowed the following laptops at their respective time frames. I have segmented the guest laptops according to what year i borrowed the guest device in.

#### 2023

1. HP Pavilion convertable 360 : This was the laptop i borrowed when my dell latitude motherboard got fried and i was in between of a decision to buy a new one or to fix this itself. This decision making took so long that i ended up getting into college, LOL.
